# Intuition
<!-- Describe your first thoughts on how to solve this problem. -->

The intuition here seems to be utilizing a stack to keep track of opening parentheses. When encountering a closing parenthesis, if it can match with the top of the stack, it's valid. Otherwise, it needs to be removed.

# Approach
<!-- Describe your approach to solving the problem. -->

1. Initialize an empty stack to store pairs of parentheses and their indices.
2. Iterate through the string:
   - If the current character is an opening parenthesis, push its pair along with its index to the stack.
   - If it's a closing parenthesis:
     - If the stack is empty or the top of the stack is a closing parenthesis, push this closing parenthesis along with its index to the stack.
     - Otherwise, pop the top element from the stack, indicating a valid pair.
3. After iterating through the string, remove any remaining unpaired parentheses from the string using their stored indices.
4. Return the modified string.

# Complexity
- Time complexity:
  - The time complexity of iterating through the string is O(n).
  - Deleting characters from a StringBuilder also takes O(n) time in the worst case.
  - So, the overall time complexity is O(n).

- Space complexity:
  - The space complexity is O(n) due to the stack and the StringBuilder.

# Code
```java
class Solution {
    public String minRemoveToMakeValid(String s) {
        Stack<Pair<Character,Integer>> S=new Stack<>();
        for(int i=0;i<s.length();i++){
            if(s.charAt(i)=='(')
            S.push(new Pair('(',i));
            else if(s.charAt(i)==')'){
            if(S.isEmpty() || S.peek().getKey()==')'){
                S.push(new Pair(')',i));
            }
            else{
            S.pop();
            }}
        }
        StringBuilder str=new StringBuilder(s);
        while(!S.isEmpty()){
            str.deleteCharAt(S.pop().getValue());
        }
        return str.toString();
    }
}
