# Problem Statement
Given an array `a` representing heights of buildings, a number `b` representing the maximum number of bricks you have, and a number `l` representing the maximum number of ladders you have, return the furthest building index you can reach if you can either use the bricks or ladders.

# Intuition
The problem requires finding the furthest building one can reach given certain constraints on building jumps and available bricks.

# Approach
1. We use a priority queue to keep track of the height differences between buildings.
2. Iterate through the buildings, if the current height difference is positive (meaning we can jump), we either use available bricks or add to the priority queue.
3. If we run out of available bricks, we ensure that we use the least costly height difference from the priority queue.
4. Continue until we can't make a jump or we've traversed all buildings.

# Complexity
- Time complexity: O(nlogk) where n is the number of buildings and k is the number of jumps we can make.
- Space complexity: O(k) for the priority queue.

# Code
```java
class Solution {
    public int furthestBuilding(int[] a, int b, int l) {
        PriorityQueue<Integer> pq = new PriorityQueue<>();
        int i;
        for (i = 1; i < a.length; i++) {
            if ((a[i] - a[i - 1]) <= 0)
                continue;
            else {
                if (l != 0) {
                    pq.add(a[i] - a[i - 1]);
                    l = l - 1;
                } else {
                    if (!pq.isEmpty() && (a[i] - a[i - 1]) > pq.peek()) {
                        if (b < pq.peek())
                            break;
                        else {
                            b = b - pq.peek();
                            pq.poll();
                            pq.add(a[i] - a[i - 1]);
                        }
                    } else {
                        if (b < a[i] - a[i - 1])
                            break;
                        else {
                            b = b - (a[i] - a[i - 1]);
                        }
                    }
                }
            }
        }
        return i - 1;
    }
}
