# Intuition
The problem seems to involve merging a sublist of nodes from one linked list with another linked list.

# Approach
1. Traverse the first linked list to reach the node just before the sublist to be removed (node `a-1`).
2. Traverse from this node to find the node after the sublist to be removed (node `b+1`).
3. Link the last node of the second list to the node after the sublist to be removed.
4. Link the node just before the sublist to be removed to the head of the second list.
5. Return the modified first list.

# Complexity
- Time complexity: $$O(n)$$, where n is the number of nodes in the first linked list. We traverse the first list once to find the nodes to be merged.
- Space complexity: $$O(1)$$, as we are using only a constant amount of extra space.

# Code
```java
/**
 * Definition for singly-linked list.
 * public class ListNode {
 *     int val;
 *     ListNode next;
 *     ListNode() {}
 *     ListNode(int val) { this.val = val; }
 *     ListNode(int val, ListNode next) { this.val = val; this.next = next; }
 * }
 */
class Solution {
    public ListNode mergeInBetween(ListNode list1, int a, int b, ListNode list2) {
        ListNode l1 = list1;
        ListNode l2 = list1;
        
        // Traverse to the node just before the sublist to be removed
        while (a-- > 1) {
            l1 = l1.next;
        }
        
        // Traverse to the node after the sublist to be removed
        while (b-- >= 0) {
            l2 = l2.next;
        }
        
        ListNode t = list2;
        
        // Traverse to the last node of list2
        while (t.next != null) {
            t = t.next;
        }
        
        // Link the last node of list2 to the node after the sublist to be removed
        l1.next = list2;
        
        // Link the node just before the sublist to the head of list2
        t.next = l2;
        
        return list1;
    }
}
