# Intuition
My initial approach to solving this problem is to sort the array of points based on the end coordinates of the intervals in ascending order. By doing so, we can identify the number of non-overlapping intervals, as each time we encounter a new interval that does not overlap with the previous one, we need to shoot an additional arrow.

# Approach
To implement the approach:
1. Sort the array of points based on the end coordinates of the intervals in ascending order.
2. Initialize a variable `a` to keep track of the number of arrows needed. Set it to 1 initially.
3. Initialize a variable `pre` to store the end coordinate of the first interval.
4. Iterate through the sorted array of points starting from the second interval:
    - If the start coordinate of the current interval is greater than the `pre` (end coordinate of the previous interval), increment `a` by 1 and update `pre` to the end coordinate of the current interval.
5. Return the value of `a` as the minimum number of arrows needed.

# Complexity
- Time complexity: The time complexity of this solution is O(n log n) due to the sorting of the array of points.
- Space complexity: The space complexity is O(1) as we are using a constant amount of extra space.

# Code
```java
class Solution {
    public int findMinArrowShots(int[][] points) {
        Arrays.sort(points, (a, b) -> Integer.compare(a[1], b[1]));
        int a = 1;
        int pre = points[0][1];
        for (int i = 1; i < points.length; i++) {
            if (points[i][0] > pre) {
                a += 1;
                pre = points[i][1];
            }
        }
        return a;
    }
}
