# Trie-based Root Replacement in Sentence

## Intuition
The problem involves replacing words in a sentence with their shortest root forms, given a dictionary of root words. One approach to solve this is to use a Trie data structure to efficiently search for root words in the dictionary.

## Approach
1. **Trie Construction**: Build a Trie data structure using the provided dictionary. Each node in the Trie represents a character in a word.
2. **Word Replacement**: Iterate through each word in the sentence.
   - Search for the shortest root word in the Trie for each word in the sentence.
   - Append the root word (or the original word if no root word is found) to the result.
3. **Return Result**: Trim and return the result string.

## Complexity
- **Time Complexity**: 
  - Trie Construction: \( O(N \cdot M) \), where \( N \) is the number of words in the dictionary and \( M \) is the average length of a word.
  - Word Replacement: \( O(K \cdot M) \), where \( K \) is the number of words in the sentence.
  - Overall: \( O((N + K) \cdot M) \)
- **Space Complexity**: 
  - Trie: \( O(26 \cdot M \cdot N) \), where \( N \) is the number of words in the dictionary and \( M \) is the average length of a word.

## Code
```java
class Solution {
    Trie root;
    
    public String replaceWords(List<String> dictionary, String sentence) {
        root = new Trie();
        for(String word : dictionary){
            insert(word);
        }
        
        StringBuilder result = new StringBuilder();
        String [] input = sentence.split(" ");
        
        for(String word : input){
            result.append(search(word)).append(" ");
        }
        
        return result.toString().trim();
    }
    
    public String search(String word){
        Trie node = root;
        int j = 0;
        
        for(char c : word.toCharArray()){
            int index = c - 'a';
            j++;
            
            if(node.children[index] == null){
                return word;
            } else if(node.children[index].isEnd){
                return word.substring(0, j);
            } else {
                node = node.children[index];
            }
        }
        
        return word;
    }
    
    public void insert(String word){
        Trie node = root;
        for(char c: word.toCharArray()){
            int index = c - 'a';
            if(node.children[index] == null){
                node.children[index] = new Trie();
            }
            node = node.children[index];
        }
        node.isEnd = true;
    }
}

class Trie{
    Trie[] children;
    boolean isEnd;
    
    public Trie(){
        children = new Trie[26];
        isEnd = false;
    }
} 
