# Intuition
The Tortoise and Hare algorithm, also known as Floyd's Cycle Detection Algorithm, is a popular method used to find the midpoint of a linked list. It utilizes two pointers moving at different speeds—one slow pointer (Tortoise) and one fast pointer (Hare). By moving the pointers through the list at different rates, we can identify the midpoint when the fast pointer reaches the end of the list. This approach is efficient and requires only a single pass through the list.

# Approach
To implement the Tortoise and Hare algorithm for finding the middle node of a linked list:
1. Initialize two pointers, `slow` and `fast`, both pointing to the head of the list.
2. Iterate through the list using the `fast` pointer, moving it two steps at a time, and the `slow` pointer, moving it one step at a time.
3. Continue iterating until the `fast` pointer reaches the end of the list or becomes `null`. At this point, the `slow` pointer will be pointing to the middle node of the list.
4. Return the node pointed to by the `slow` pointer as the middle node.

# Complexity
- Time complexity: 
  - The algorithm traverses the list once with two pointers. Since the fast pointer moves twice as fast as the slow pointer, the time complexity is linear, O(n), where n is the number of nodes in the list.
- Space complexity:
  - The algorithm only uses a constant amount of additional space for the two pointers, regardless of the size of the input list. Thus, the space complexity is O(1).

# Code
```java
/**
 * Definition for singly-linked list.
 * public class ListNode {
 *     int val;
 *     ListNode next;
 *     ListNode() {}
 *     ListNode(int val) { this.val = val; }
 *     ListNode(int val, ListNode next) { this.val = val; this.next = next; }
 * }
 */
class Solution {
    public ListNode middleNode(ListNode head) {
        ListNode slow = head, fast = head;
        
        // Base cases: empty list or single node list
        if (head == null || head.next == null)
            return head;
        
        // Move fast pointer two steps at a time and slow pointer one step at a time
        while (fast != null && fast.next != null) {
            fast = fast.next.next;
            slow = slow.next;
        }
        
        // Return the middle node pointed by slow pointer
        return slow;
    }
}
