# Minimum Chairs Required

## Intuition
The problem requires determining the minimum number of chairs needed to accommodate all the guests based on their arrival and departure times. We can solve this problem by simulating the process of guests arriving and leaving using a stack data structure.

## Approach
1. **Initialize Variables**: Create a stack `S` to keep track of guests currently present and a variable `m` to store the maximum number of guests present at any point.
2. **Iterate Through String**: Loop through the characters of the input string `s`.
3. **Process Guests**:
   - If the character is `'E'` (indicating a guest's arrival), push `'E'` onto the stack.
   - If the character is `'L'` (indicating a guest's departure), pop one guest from the stack.
4. **Update Maximum Guests**: Update the maximum number of guests present (`m`) based on the current size of the stack.
5. **Return Result**: Return the maximum number of guests required chairs.

## Complexity
- Time complexity:
  - $$O(n)$$ where \( n \) is the length of the input string `s`. We traverse the string once to simulate the guest arrivals and departures.
- Space complexity:
  - $$O(n)$$ for the stack `S`, where \( n \) is the maximum number of guests present at any point.

## Code
```java
import java.util.Stack;

class Solution {
    public int minimumChairs(String s) {
        Stack<Character> S = new Stack<>();
        int m = 0;
        for (char i : s.toCharArray()) {
            if (i == 'E')
                S.push('E');
            else
                S.pop();
            m = Math.max(m, S.size());
        }
        return m;
    }
}
