# Intuition
The problem aims to determine if two binary trees are identical, i.e., if they have the same structure and the same node values at corresponding positions. The intuition is to perform a recursive comparison of nodes in both trees.

# Approach
To solve the problem:
1. Check if both trees are null simultaneously. If so, return true since they are identical.
2. If one of the trees is null and the other is not, return false as they cannot be identical.
3. Compare the values of the current nodes of both trees. If they are different, return false.
4. Recursively compare the left subtrees and right subtrees of both trees.
5. Return true if all comparisons are successful, indicating that the trees are identical.

# Complexity
- Time complexity: O(n), where n is the number of nodes in the smaller of the two input trees. In the worst case, we need to visit every node to determine if the trees are identical.
- Space complexity: O(h), where h is the height of the smaller of the two input trees. The space complexity is determined by the depth of the recursive call stack, which is equal to the height of the tree.

# Code
```java
/**
 * Definition for a binary tree node.
 * public class TreeNode {
 *     int val;
 *     TreeNode left;
 *     TreeNode right;
 *     TreeNode() {}
 *     TreeNode(int val) { this.val = val; }
 *     TreeNode(int val, TreeNode left, TreeNode right) {
 *         this.val = val;
 *         this.left = left;
 *         this.right = right;
 *     }
 * }
 */
class Solution {
    public boolean isSameTree(TreeNode p, TreeNode q) {
        // Base cases
        if (p == null && q == null) {
            return true;
        }
        if (p == null || q == null) {
            return false;
        }
        
        // Compare current node values and recursively check left and right subtrees
        return p.val == q.val && isSameTree(p.left, q.left) && isSameTree(p.right, q.right);
    }
}
