# Binary Tree Level Order Traversal

## Intuition
The problem seems to involve traversing a binary tree in level order and returning the values of nodes at each level in the form of a list of lists. The intuition might involve using breadth-first search (BFS) to traverse the tree level by level.

## Approach
1. **BFS Traversal**:
   - Initialize an empty queue (`q`) for BFS traversal and a list of lists (`L`) to store the result.
   - Add the root node to the queue.
   - While the queue is not empty:
     - Initialize an empty list (`A`) to store values at the current level.
     - Remove nodes from the queue one by one:
       - If a null node is encountered, it indicates the end of the current level. Add the list `A` to the result `L` and reset `A` for the next level. If the queue is not empty, add a null node to mark the end of the next level.
       - If a non-null node is encountered, add its value to list `A` and enqueue its left and right children if they exist.
   - Return the result `L`.

## Complexity
- Time complexity:
  - The time complexity of BFS traversal is O(n), where n is the number of nodes in the binary tree.
- Space complexity:
  - The space complexity is also O(n) since at any point, the queue can hold at most one level of nodes in the binary tree.

## Code
```java
class Solution {
    public List<List<Integer>> levelOrder(TreeNode root) {
        Queue<TreeNode> q = new LinkedList<>();
        List<List<Integer>> L = new ArrayList<>();
        
        // Check if the root is null
        if (root == null)
            return L;
        
        // Add the root to the queue
        q.add(root);
        q.add(null); // Add a null marker for the end of the first level
        
        List<Integer> A = new ArrayList<>(); // List to store values at each level
        while (!q.isEmpty()) {
            TreeNode n = q.remove();
            if (n == null) {
                // End of current level
                L.add(A); // Add values of the current level to the result list
                A = new ArrayList<>(); // Reset A for the next level
                if (q.isEmpty())
                    break;
                q.add(null); // Add a null marker for the end of the next level
                continue;
            }
            // Add the value of the current node to list A
            A.add(n.val);
            // Enqueue left and right children if they exist
            if (n.left != null)
                q.add(n.left);
            if (n.right != null)
                q.add(n.right);
        }
        return L;
    }
}
