# Intuition
The problem aims to invert a binary tree, which means swapping the left and right subtrees of each node recursively. The intuition is to perform a level-order traversal (BFS) of the tree and swap the left and right child nodes of each encountered node.

# Approach
To solve the problem:
1. Initialize a queue to perform level-order traversal.
2. Add the root node to the queue.
3. While the queue is not empty, perform the following steps:
   - Remove the front node from the queue.
   - Swap its left and right child nodes.
   - Add the left and right child nodes (if they exist) to the queue.
4. Return the root node after traversing the entire tree.

# Complexity
- Time complexity: O(n), where n is the number of nodes in the binary tree. We visit each node once.
- Space complexity: O(n), where n is the maximum number of nodes at any level of the binary tree. In the worst case, the queue will contain all the nodes at the last level.

# Code
```java
/**
 * Definition for a binary tree node.
 * public class TreeNode {
 * int val;
 * TreeNode left;
 * TreeNode right;
 * TreeNode() {}
 * TreeNode(int val) { this.val = val; }
 * TreeNode(int val, TreeNode left, TreeNode right) {
 * this.val = val;
 * this.left = left;
 * this.right = right;
 * }
 * }
 */
class Solution {
    Queue<TreeNode> Q = new ArrayDeque<>();

    public TreeNode invertTree(TreeNode root) {
        if(root == null)
            return root;
        Q.add(root);
        while(!Q.isEmpty()) {
            TreeNode t1 = Q.remove();
            if(t1 == null)
                continue;
            TreeNode t2 = t1.left;
            t1.left = t1.right;
            t1.right = t2;
            if(t1.left != null)
                Q.add(t1.left);
            if(t1.right != null)
                Q.add(t1.right);
        }
        return root;
    }
}
