# Intuition
The problem involves determining whether a binary tree `subRoot` is a subtree of another binary tree `root`. To solve this problem, we need to check if `subRoot` is identical to any subtree of `root`.

# Approach
To solve the problem:
1. We define a helper function `isSameTree` to check if two binary trees are identical.
2. In the `isSubtree` function:
   - If `subRoot` is null, it means an empty tree is always a subtree, so we return true.
   - If `root` is null and `subRoot` is not null, `subRoot` cannot be a subtree, so we return false.
   - If `subRoot` is identical to the current subtree rooted at `root`, we return true.
   - Otherwise, we recursively check if `subRoot` is a subtree of the left subtree or right subtree of `root`.
3. Finally, we return the result of the `isSubtree` function.

# Complexity
- Time complexity: O(m * n), where m is the number of nodes in the `root` tree and n is the number of nodes in the `subRoot` tree. In the worst case, we may need to traverse each node of the `root` tree to compare with the `subRoot` tree.
- Space complexity: O(min(m, n)), where m is the number of nodes in the `root` tree and n is the number of nodes in the `subRoot` tree. The space complexity is determined by the depth of the recursive call stack, which is bounded by the smaller of the two trees.

# Code
```java
/**
 * Definition for a binary tree node.
 * public class TreeNode {
 *     int val;
 *     TreeNode left;
 *     TreeNode right;
 *     TreeNode() {}
 *     TreeNode(int val) { this.val = val; }
 *     TreeNode(int val, TreeNode left, TreeNode right) {
 *         this.val = val;
 *         this.left = left;
 *         this.right = right;
 *     }
 * }
 */
class Solution {
    boolean isSameTree(TreeNode p, TreeNode q) {
        if ((p == null && q != null) || (p != null && q == null))
            return false;
        if (p == null && q == null)
            return true;
        if (p.val != q.val)
            return false;
        return isSameTree(p.left, q.left) && isSameTree(p.right, q.right);
    }
    
    public boolean isSubtree(TreeNode root, TreeNode subRoot) {
        if (subRoot == null)
            return true;
        if (root == null && subRoot != null)
            return false;
        if (isSameTree(root, subRoot))
            return true;
        return isSubtree(root.left, subRoot) || isSubtree(root.right, subRoot);
    }
}
